(Ambulance sirens blaring)
Cue-2
(Voices over radio)
Cue-3
(Thrilling background music swells)
Cue-4
(Sound of car speeding up)
Cue-5
(Cars honking - sirens blaring)
Cue-6
(Typing)
Cue-7
(Music swells)
Cue-8
I discovered a zero day bug that puts autonomous
vehicle users at risk. Call the team.
Cue-9
(Electronic music sounds)
Cue-10
I think you’ll want to take this.
Cue-11
Researchers found our back door.
Cue-12
I found a vulnerability in your proprietary mobility stack
enabling unauthorized remote control over Bluetooth.
Cue-13
Your AVs are unsafe.
Cue-14
My crew engineered a free software patch
that disables Bluetooth access to the onboard software.
Cue-15
Who are you?
Cue-16
I’m David. Aka Kernel Forge.
We’re publishing in twenty-four hours.
Cue-17
Everybody out!
Cue-18
(Phone rings)
I have a job for you.
Cue-19
I’m running the final test now.
Cue-20
I’ll upload it from
our secure network at the lab. ETA half hour.
Cue-21
(Music swells)
Cue-22
(Motorcycle sounds)
(Energetic music plays in background)
Cue-23
(Ambulance sounds)
Cue-24
(Motorcycle speeds up)
Cue-25
(Sirens blaring)
Cue-26
(Phone rings)
Cue-27
Dude, you’re never going to believe
what’s going on!
Cue-28
What?!
Cue-29
I laid my bike down.
I got run off the road by another biker.
Cue-30
I’m in an ambulance.
One of those new autonomous models.
Cue-31
We were on the way to the hospital,
but someone has taken control of the vehicle remotely.
Cue-32
I’ve got your location. Whoever’s doing
this has to be close.
Cue-33
The same biker that ran me off the road
is right behind us!
Cue-34
I’ll be there in two minutes.
Cue-35
(Energetic music plays)
Cue-36
(Motorcycle speeds up)
Cue-37
(Skidding sounds)
Cue-38
(Motorcycle continues)
Cue-39
(Sirens blaring)
Cue-40
(Ambulance brakes)
Cue-41
I transmitted a patch disabling remote
control. Follow me.
Cue-42
The police arrested the mysterious rider.
It turns out she was hired by DeceptiCor.
Cue-43
They knew about the bug!
Cue-44
It was a backdoor designed to open
up a lucrative aftermarket in the private security industry.
Cue-45
DeceptiCor was putting millions of users are at risk!
Cue-46
Everyone should have the right to run, study,
fix and share software they use.
Cue-47
Especially when it’s a matter of public safety!
Cue-48
(Motorcycle speeding over background music)
Cue-49
Proprietary software poses unacceptable risks in a world
of increased dependence on automated systems.
Cue-50
Help create the future we want.
Join the Free Software Foundation.